fix: updating a11y success criteria (#27683)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/understanding_wcag/operable/index.md

    </td>
    <td>
    <p> Check out <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/focus-not-obscured-minimum"> Understanding Focus Not Obscured (Minimum) </a> to learn more about this standard.</p>
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td> 2.4.12 Focus Not Obscured (Enhanced) (AAA) </td>
    <td>
    <p> Follows the rules as 2.4.11 except if the interface is configurable enough to enable the user to content such as toolbars and non-modal dialogs, then only the initial positions of user-movable content are considered for testing and meeting of this standard.</p>
    </td>
    <td>
    <p> Check out <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/focus-not-obscured-enhanced"> Understanding Focus Not Obscured (Enhanced) (Level AAA) </a> to learn more about this standard.</p> </td>
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>

>     <td> 2.4.13 Focus Appearance (AAA)</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> 2.4.13 Focus appearance (AAA)</td>
```

>     <tr>
>     <td> 2.4.13 Focus appearance (AAA)</td>
>     <td>
>     <p>
>     When the keyboard focus indicator is visible, an area of the focus indicator meets all the following:
>     <ul>
> <li>Must be at least as large as the area of a <code>2px</code> thick perimeter of the unfocused component or sub-component.</li>
> <li> Needs to have a contrast ratio of at least 3:1 between the same pixels in the focused and unfocused states</li>
> </ul>
> <p> The exceptions to this are:
> <ul>
> <li>The focus indicator is determined by the user and cannot be adjusted by the author.</li>
> <li>The focus indicator and the indicator's background color are not modified by the author.</li>
> </ul>
> </p>
> <td><p> Check out <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/focus-appearance.html"> Understanding Focus Appearance (Level AAA)</a> to learn more about this standard.</p> </td>
>     </p>
>     </td>
>     </tr>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<tr>
  <td> 2.4.13 Focus appearance (AAA)</td>
  <td>
    <p>When the keyboard focus indicator is visible, the area of the focus indicator meets all the following:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Must be at least as large as the area of a <code>2px</code> thick perimeter of the unfocused component or sub-component, which includes component's content, border, and background, excluding outer shadows or glow effects.</li>
      <li>Needs to have a contrast ratio of at least 3:1 between the same pixels in the focused and unfocused states</li>
    </ul>
    <p> The exceptions to this are:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>The focus indicator is determined by the user and cannot be adjusted by the author.</li>
      <li>The focus indicator and the indicator's background color are not modified by the author.</li>
    </ul>
  </td>
  <td>
    <p> Check out <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/focus-appearance.html"> Understanding focus appearance (Level AAA)</a> to learn more about this standard.</p>
  </td>
</tr>
```

 <tr>
 <td> 2.5.8 Target Size Minimum (AA)</td>
 <td> Target size for pointer inputs should be at least 24 by 24 CSS pixels except for the following areas:
 <ul>
 <li> <strong>Spacing:</strong> <p>targets that are less than 24 by 24 CSS pixels are positioned so that if a 24 CSS pixel diameter circle is centered on each target's bounding box, the circles do not intersect with another target or the circle for another undersized target</p>
 <li> <strong>Equivalent:</strong> <p>The function can be achieved through a different control on the same page that meets this standard</p>
  <li> <strong>Inline:</strong> <p>The target that is in a sentence or its size is otherwise constrained by the non-target text line-height</p>
   <li> <strong>User agent control:</strong> <p>The target's size is determined by the user agent and is not modified by the author</p>
    <li> <strong>Essential:</strong> <p>A particular target's presentation is essential or legally required for the information that is being conveyed.</p>
 </ul>
 <td> Check out <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/target-size-minimum.html"> Understanding Target Size Minimum</a> </td>
</tr>

>  </tr>

Reviewer: </tr>
 <tr>
 <td> 2.5.8 Target size minimum (AA)</td>
 <td> Target size for pointer inputs should be at least `24px` wide by `24px` tall except for the following areas:
 <ul>
  <li> <strong>Spacing:</strong>Targets that are less than `24px x 24px` are positioned so that if a `24px` diameter circle is centered on each target's bounding box, the circles do not intersect with any other target or the circle for another undersized target.</li>
  <li> <strong>Equivalent:</strong> A separate control that achieves the same function that meets this standard is available on the same page.</li>
  <li> <strong>Inline:</strong> The target is located within a line of text with its size constrained by the line height or surrounding non-target text.</li>
  <li> <strong>User agent control:</strong> The target's size is determined by the user agent and has not been modified by the author.</li>
  <li> <strong>Essential:</strong> A particular presentation of the target is essential or legally required for the information being conveyed.</li>
 </ul>
 <td> Check out <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/target-size-minimum.html"> Understanding target size minimum</a> </td>
</tr>

>    <tr>
>  <td>2.5.7 Dragging Movements (AA)</td>
>  <td> All functionality that uses a dragging movement for operation can be achieved by a single pointer without dragging, unless dragging is essential or the functionality is determined by the user agent and not modified by the author. </td>
>  <td><a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/dragging-movements"> Understanding Dragging Movements</a> </td>
>  <tr>
>  <td> 2.5.8 Target Size Minimum (AA)</td>
>  <td> Target size for pointer inputs should be at least 24 by 24 CSS pixels except for the following areas:
>  <ul>
>  <li> <strong>Spacing:</strong> <p>targets that are less than 24 by 24 CSS pixels are positioned so that if a 24 CSS pixel diameter circle is centered on each target's bounding box, the circles do not intersect with another target or the circle for another undersized target</p>
>  <li> <strong>Equivalent:</strong> <p>The function can be achieved through a different control on the same page that meets this standard</p>
>   <li> <strong>Inline:</strong> <p>The target that is in a sentence or its size is otherwise constrained by the non-target text line-height</p>
>    <li> <strong>User agent control:</strong> <p>The target's size is determined by the user agent and is not modified by the author</p>
>     <li> <strong>Essential:</strong> <p>A particular target's presentation is essential or legally required for the information that is being conveyed.</p>
>  </ul>
>  <td> Check out <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/target-size-minimum.html"> Understanding Target Size Minimum</a> </td>
> </tr>
>  </tr>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td> 2.5.8 Target size minimum (AA)</td>
 <td> Target size for pointer inputs should be at least `24px` wide by `24px` tall except for the following areas:
 <ul>
  <li> <strong>Spacing:</strong>Targets that are less than `24px x 24px` are positioned so that if a `24px` diameter circle is centered on each target's bounding box, the circles do not intersect with any other target or the circle for another undersized target.</li>
  <li> <strong>Equivalent:</strong> A separate control that achieves the same function that meets this standard is available on the same page.</li>
  <li> <strong>Inline:</strong> The target is located within a line of text with its size constrained by the line height or surrounding non-target text.</li>
  <li> <strong>User agent control:</strong> The target's size is determined by the user agent and has not been modified by the author.</li>
  <li> <strong>Essential:</strong> A particular presentation of the target is essential or legally required for the information being conveyed.</li>
 </ul>
 <td> Check out <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/target-size-minimum.html"> Understanding target size minimum</a> </td>
</tr>
```
